Added Suggested Actions info (#13859)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/explorer.md

- `Rule Details` displays rule details, such as the text configured in the detection rule to help the person reviewing the signal understand the purpose of the signal and how to respond. The users can also pivot into rule modification, such as modifying suppression queries for the rule.
- `Logs` includes a visualization and list of log samples to provide context on why the signal triggered. Click on any of the samples in the table to see the full log.
- `Related Signals` are displayed as a timeline of other signals which contain the same group by values to assist with triaging the signal.

> - `Suggested Actions (beta)` provides investigation queries, related dashboards and pivots into cloud provider consoles based on Security Signal characteristics that guide investigations and provide insights into needed resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Suggested Actions (beta)` provides investigation queries, related dashboards and links to cloud provider consoles based on Security Signal characteristics that guide investigations and provide insights into needed resolution.
```
